thanks an ass drop for sponsoring our
content here at CES 2018 you can get the
Sennheiser HD 5 8 x headphones at the
link below for just one $49.99 so we're
here in the Corsair suite where the
theme this year is fewer wires or unplug
and play oh like I had enough of a
headache already from being sick and
that just made it like 10 times worse so
we're gonna start with the k63
corsair now has a wireless mechanical
keyboard with Cherry MX switches just
reds for now that is fully Wireless and
they are claiming that even with their
out-of-the-box default 66% backlighting
intensity can last for up to 15 hours
it's available in two different colors
this more pure blue and then a special
ice blue to match the Corsair one and
they are claiming near wired levels of
performance with one millisecond of
latency at 2.4 gigahertz with their own
special dongle and about seven
milliseconds of latency over Bluetooth
now like many wireless peripherals you
can also plug it in and use it wired if
you want for those of you wondering it
should last about 75 hours without the
backlighting enabled so if you want to
extend your session you just got to go
ahead and hit the session extend button
it's 10 keyless and the reason for that
is that they were going for kind of a
whole solution thing here it is meant to
load into an updated version of Corsairs
previous lap dog product that to me
makes a lot more sense so this guy right
here you just snap the keyboard in
there's no allen keys there's no screws
there's no nothing like that
boom you're ready to go it works
wirelessly it's got memory foam on the
bottom that's actually from the about 20
minutes I've been sitting here not too
shabby at all and it includes a mouse
mat that's a cloth style mouse mat
unfortunately not swappable at this time
as well as a rubberized grip for the
wrist rest that I actually didn't really
find I touched much in more of a gaming
position but definitely enhanced the
typing feel now let's move on to
Corsairs Wireless Gaming Mouse this is
the first
time they've done one of these and the
story from them is that they've been
waiting for the right technology so just
like the keyboard it boasts one
millisecond latency and they're saying
24 hours of battery life with all of the
RGB bells and whistles enabled so there
are three zones and it's got swap a
little grips I believe there are three
in the box and it's also got this kind
of unique texture it's kind of like a
dimpled texture that they say was
inspired by sports equipment like golf
clubs for the sensor it's running a
Pixar at 33 67 which they say they
customized for Corsair so it's up to
16,000 dpi if you're into that sort of
thing and it is a perfect mate for their
mm 1000 mouse mat which includes a
wireless charging corner in the top so
with the special edition of this guy you
can actually just pop your mouse up to
the top right corner of your mousepad
and it will fully charge in about two
hours and change because they're using
the Qi standard you can actually use the
g-spot like I couldn't believe they
called it that in the presentation to
charge other devices such as your phone
and they include this little dongle in
case you have a phone that doesn't
include wireless charging although
personally I don't really see the
practicality of having like a weird puck
on the side of my mouse pad well I'm
trying to use it your mileage may vary
it weighs about a hundred and
twenty-eight grams so it's among the
heavier mice out there but from using it
here in the suite the performance is
pretty well sweet so pricing for the new
mouse which they're calling the dark
core is $79.99 plus 10 for the wireless
charging version then you're gonna need
another $79.99 for that wireless
charging mouse pad as for the keyboard
this one's actually really reasonable
199 for their wireless keyboard then
another $59.99 I believe it is for the
lap board dock and then in some regions
they're gonna have it available for $10
less in a bundle I'm really liking that
much better pricing and just overall a
much better form factor compared to what
they had done in the past so it pretty
much wraps it up for Corsair guys thanks
to mass drop for allowing us to be here
you can check out the sennheiser HD 5 8
X we've got those linked in the video
description
they're a great sounding open backed
headphone they're only 140 9.99 and like
what else can I say
they sound great they're open back then
they're available for 149 just check
them out at the link in the video
description so thanks guys for watching
this video dislike if you disliked it
hit like if you liked it oh you know
this actually kind of works that this is
gonna be available soon right like
really soon yeah you can actually buy
this at the link in the video
description unlike most of the stuff we
do here at the show while you're down
there you can check out our merch store
which has cool shirts like this one and
our community forum